c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\DynamicsCRMConnector.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\DynamicsCRMConnector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\DynamicsCRMConnector.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\AntiXSSLibrary.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Client.CodeGeneration.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Client.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Portal.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Portal.Files.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\obj\Release\DynamicsCRMConnector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\obj\Release\DynamicsCRMConnector.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\obj\Release\DynamicsCRMConnector.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\DynamicsCRMConnector.dll.config
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\DynamicsCRMConnector.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\DynamicsCRMConnector.pdb
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\AntiXSSLibrary.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Client.CodeGeneration.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Client.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Portal.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Portal.Files.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.xml
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.xml
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\obj\Release\DynamicsCRMConnector.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\obj\Release\DynamicsCRMConnector.dll
C:\Users\sukris\Downloads\DynamicsCRMConnector\DynamicsCRMConnector\obj\Release\DynamicsCRMConnector.pdb
